[ENH] Update info on assessment availability and following data model updates (#123)
neurobagel/documentation: docs/cli.md

    ...
    ```

## Upgrading to a newer version of the CLI

> New releases of the Neurobagel CLI will occasionally introduce breaking changes to the data model for subject-level information in a `.jsonld` graph file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neurobagel is under active, early development and future releases of the CLI may introduce breaking changes to the data model for subject-level information in a `.jsonld` graph file. Breaking changes will be highlighted in the release notes!
```
Something like this to make it clear that we aren't just going to randomly break stuff.

_If you have already created `.jsonld` files for your Neurobagel graph database using the CLI_, 

> follow the instructions [here](updating_dataset.md#following-a-change-in-the-neurobagel-data-model) to regenerate your existing graph data so that they will not conflict with dataset `.jsonld` files generated using the latest CLI version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
they can be quickly re-generated under the new data model by following the instructions [here](updating_dataset.md#following-a-change-in-the-neurobagel-data-model) so that they will not conflict with dataset `.jsonld` files generated using the latest CLI version.
```
